Update RegionX related docs (#6855)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-guides-coretime-marketplaces.md

The tutorials in this document utilize:

- [RegionX Hub](https://hub.regionx.tech/), a user interface for purchasing and managing
  Coretime regions.

- [Lastic](https://www.lastic.xyz/), a Coretime marketplace user interface.

## RegionX

The RegionX Hub is a UI developed for users to get an overview of the Agile Coretime system and interact with all its functionality.

RegionX Hub so the UI is dynamic and adapts to different use cases.

![RegionX-User-Specific](../assets/coretime/RegionX-user-specific-dashboards.png)

![RegionX-UI](../assets/coretime/RegionX-UI.png)

> ### RegionX Hub Overview
> 
> RegionX provides different dashboard for different use cases. Currently it has different dashboards for the fullowing use cases:
> - [Overview](https://hub.regionx.tech/?dashboard=overview&network=polkadot): The overview dashboard is for anyone who wants an overview of Coretime data and access to almost all functionality from a single page. It is great for exploring Coretime or for collecting data on the system.
> - [Deploying new project](https://hub.regionx.tech/?dashboard=deploying-new-project&network=polkadot): The dashboard is designed to show only the information relevant for teams deploying a new project on Polkadot.
> - [Managing existing project](https://hub.regionx.tech/?dashboard=managing-existing-project&network=polkadot): Once a project is up and running on Polkadot, RegionX Hub provides a dashboard where teams can track their renewal status and compare the cost of renewing their core versus buying a new one in the sale.
> 
> ### Purchasing Cores on RegionX Hub
> 
> After connecting their wallet, the user can track the current sale cycle and attempt to purchase a core.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### RegionX Hub Overview

RegionX provides a different dashboard for different use cases:
- [Overview](https://hub.regionx.tech/?dashboard=overview&network=polkadot): The overview dashboard is for anyone who wants an overview of Coretime data and access to most functionalities from a single page.
- [Deploying a new project](https://hub.regionx.tech/?dashboard=deploying-new-project&network=polkadot): The dashboard is designed to show only the information relevant for teams deploying a new project on Polkadot.
- [Managing existing project](https://hub.regionx.tech/?dashboard=managing-existing-project&network=polkadot): Once a project is up and running on Polkadot, RegionX Hub provides a dashboard where teams can track their renewal status and compare the cost of renewing their core versus buying a new one in the sale.

### Purchasing Cores on RegionX Hub

After connecting their wallet, the user can track the current sale cycle and attempt to purchase a core.
```
